19:48:37 He's right.

If you look up the relevant law (forget what its called) on the statute books, it clearly indicates that if the property is sold for less than the original market price, that the local authority has to reduce the clawback so that the seller is not out of pocket. This covers all affordable housing schemes with this 20 year clawback.This seperates users19:56:43 [QUOTE=CelloPoint]I wonder will the CoCo send you a cheque when you run out of claw-back?[/QUOTE]

They can only reduce the clawback to zero. Any more and you start to take the hit.This seperates users19:57:21 Here's a link:

[url]http://www.irishstatutebook.ie/2002/en/act/pub/0009/sec0009.html#partii-sec9[/url]

See 3(d)

[quote] don't think that this provision applied however to Shared Ownership scheme houses, and as so many houses under the affordable scheme were purchased through Shared Ownership, this is an unclear area that needs to be looked at.[/quote]

Shared ownership has the same clause in the 2002 Act.This seperates users18:36:02 Hi there,

Couple of quick questions. Let me give you a scenario:

Person moves into shared accomodation and gives deposit to the person vacating. Other people in the house deal with the Landlord and may or may not be on a lease. How do you decide if this person is a tenant or just a licensee? If they've only dealt with the residing tenants does that make him a licensee?

Consider then a situation where he wants to move out and the other people are being too lazy about getting a replacement in (so he can get his deposit back). What come back does he have? If he's only a licensee he can't get his deposit back from the landlord can he?

There's no communication between him and the other tenants, rarely sees them, they dont respond to phone calls or texts. Should he just start arranging to get someone in himself to get the deposit? 

I'd appreciate any comments. Any more info you need let me know.This seperates users10:26:03 He's not on the lease. The PRTB website seemed to indicate that the Tenancy Act applies if you aren't on a fixed lease, and that deposit is due back once sufficient notice is given in writing, no damage is done and rent is paid. My worry for him was that he wouldn't be classed as a tenant for the purposes of the Act. It seems though the the situation will resolve itself.This seperates users10:28:33 [QUOTE=byte]Whatever happened to buying a home (for life) and not just a house "just to get a foot on the property ladder"?

I hate moving house with a passion, and when I move again, I intend it to be my last time moving, unless there is an extreme reason for me to do so![/QUOTE]


Unfortunately most people can't afford a suitable home for life when the pressure to buy first takes hold.This seperates users11:52:14 Of course there's a cost to the local authority. Normally if a house is sold in the first 10 years they get the full clawback - the difference between what they paid the develper and what the buyer paid the local authority.

In the case of negative equity this clawback is reduced, so they lose money.This seperates users20:25:51 I see the specification on this is still giving the old stepping. Can anyone confirm if they're shipping the new SLACR processors?

ThanksThis seperates users15:29:12 Sorry to bump, but can anyone at komplett confirm? I'm about to buy and will have to go to a more expensive alternative otherwise. :)This seperates users13:39:49 I changed jobs this year, but for some reason this was never registered with the Revenue, so my new tax credits and cut off were never sent to my current employer.
I rang them to get it changed, and they said they'd issue new forms to my employer in 5 days. However, my employer has said if they don't receive it in time for payroll they're going to stick me on emergency tax.

Is this correct?This seperates users10:07:48 I'm very unhappy about this. My kingdom for anyone who can get Opera mini working!This seperates users10:37:12 Have I read this on another thread correctly? Is it true that I would just have to pay for an add on and I can access any webpage I want, use email, opera and other apps that access the network on Three?

If this is true I think I'll be jumping from vodafone, their new mobile internet service is appalling.

Can you view bills and usage on three's website now? I was with them previously and they had none of this. I remmebr their appaling customer service too, but I think I would stick it out for proper internet access.This seperates users10:48:52 That's great, thanks.This seperates users11:07:31 No, I had the misfortune of dealing with their Indian call centre when trying to get my phone unlocked. I think its worth it though for what I'm looking for. I take it I have to buy a phone with them and I can't just get a sim card?This seperates users19:28:50 I don't believe they're limiting torrents. I don't have any problems.

Have you tested private trackers or another heavily seeded torrent (like a linux distro)?This seperates users21:20:30 The chickens are coming home to roost for all the people who got caught up in the hype.

Maybe next time some people won't be so quick to jump on the next media bandwagon.This seperates users