17:58:39 Blemish is a beauty, takes a bit of work but worth the effort, the nine horses album is also a classic, pity he gets no air play , has an ep out this mont from the blemish album ...

[url]http://www.davidsylvian.com/[/url]This seperates users18:01:03 its a very hard album to get into, loved the opening track on 'Tilt'.This seperates users12:03:15 [url]http://www.davidsylvian.com/tour/[/url] :)This seperates users17:26:34 Paddy McAloon...........a bit experimental , lovely cd, lost his sight for 5 years or so and whilst going thru that he listened to the radio etc...
the result has out takes and such ... a gem.This seperates users09:54:15 slovenia tv2 are showing the newcastle game this weekend and its

FTA [Via 2.5]  ........whats [Via 2.5] and would a technomate 1500 have it?This seperates users16:58:11 strange channel, it did show the game but only what was live between 2-3 pm,
game had started for 30 mins before it kicked in and then started showing tennis after the hour mark.... regardless it was better than nothingThis seperates users09:55:59 no , i found slo-2 ok but only shows part of the game , BHT 1 i found became encrypted...

Anyone got a way around this?This seperates users09:48:24 BHT 1 ...anyone notice is still encrypted when the games start up ?

anyone work out how to un-encrypt??This seperates users10:44:30 Read the following from another site recently....................

:( 
Art Loses Premiere League

The English Premier League will not be broadcast by ART next season after Showtime signed a massive three-year deal for exclusive rights to the world?s most popular sporting league.
Showtime beat off competition from Al Jazeera and ART to win the regional rights in a deal understood to be worth $120 million over three years.

Showtime will now be the exclusive home of the Premier League from August, when the 2007/8 season kicks off. The news will come as a blow to existing Firstnet customers who have recently signed up for 12-month packages. ART representatives could not be contacted by 7DAYS yesterday, so it remains unclear whether refunds will be offered to subscribers who signed year-long packages to watch the Premier League.

The move is a major blow for ART, which last month also lost its Al Jazeera Sports channels to Showtime. Showtime, based in Dubai Media City, has yet to announce details of their coverage plans - or subscription costs - but has promised to deliver a top-class package.

Azhar Malik, Showtime?s marketing manager, said ?We will of course be airing all of the live games from the Premier League, but we are also looking at developing programmes around the games to complement the game itself with studio discussions, interviews and reviews with professional footballers and commentators that can add value to the game and entertain football fans.?

Showtime currently has just two dedicated sports channels of its own, Sportsnet World and Sportsnet America. It will need to introduce several new channels in order to match the service currently provided by ART, which has eight channels including Prime Sports, and shows at least nine live Premier League games each weekend, all with English commentary.

Showtime does not currently produce a studio show to accompany its international rugby coverage, or its Championship football. Prime Sports? studio show, which has become popular with football fans, will finish at the end of the season.This seperates users12:45:57 i hope its bollocks , i rem a while back people saying art was finished , and now we have 6 channels!!This seperates users14:25:16 thats the pits, any alternatives out there ?This seperates users17:25:54 [QUOTE=zabbo]Slightly larger you say, I've a 80cm dish at the moment ;)[/QUOTE]

aye thats huge....This seperates users09:54:00 heard theres a good kids channel called citv..can someone post the frequency
as i can nay find it:)This seperates users11:16:15 cheers , i could not find it there....This seperates users09:59:04 how does one re=activate an english yellow house sky card again?

leave it tuned into sky news or something aye?This seperates users15:47:11 [QUOTE=byte]The latest Sky offers we received at work shows that Sky+ is still ?149 plus ?75 install fee.  So the ?114 offer is probably as good as you'll get.

You could buy a second hand Sky+ box on eBay or Classifieds paper, a Quad LNB and install it yourself.  You will need to run another coaxial feed from the dish to where the box is though.  Only advantage of 2nd-hand route is no need for phoneline, and no install fee if you DIY![/QUOTE]



i have a quad setup, therefore all i need do is buy the plus box and plug her in?This seperates users16:52:02 re: quad lnb. You need to have 2 feeds coming from your dish to work sky plus correctly.

Two to the back of the sky box?This seperates users17:05:59 well thats me out, my sky quad lnb has 4 separate box's around the house running from it.:oThis seperates users17:19:51 but can you preset it to record from various diff channels during the day ...?

thats all i really want , have a dvd recorder but its a bit of workThis seperates users11:57:08 lost my impulse now , will stick to dvd recorder...................This seperates users